START OF PAGE: 1
Here's a structured representation of the packing slip:

AVENTURE                                 PACKING SLIP

Aventure Int'l Aviation Services         Date: 19 May 2025
108 International Drive                  Shipping #: RLS-51169
SUITE 300                                SO #: SO-42030
Peachtree City GA 30269                  Customer PO #: PO-157754
Phone: 770-632-7930

BILL TO:                                 SHIP TO:
SKYLINK, INC                             SKYLINK, INC
2800 S. FINANCIAL COURT                  2800 S. FINANCIAL COURT
SANFORD FL 32773                         SANFORD FL 32773
UNITED STATES                            UNITED STATES
                                         Contact: CARRIE TURNER
                                         Phone: 1-407-268-4114

Incoterms | Port/Dest | Shipped Via  | AWB                 | Total Weight | # of Pieces
ExW       |           | UPS GROUND   | 120528X20351056291  | 1            | 1

LN | PART NO    | SN | DESCRIPTION  | CN | QTY | UOM
2  | 132500-04  |    | ROLLER LINER | NS | 2   | EA

Comments or Special Instructions:
12X9X3 1lbs

These commodities are authorized by the U.S. Government for export only to the country and end user as addressed on this
Commercial Invoice/Packing Slip. They may not be transferred, trans-shipped, or otherwise disposed of in any other country,
either in their original form or after being incorporated into other end-items, without prior approval of the relevant U.S.
government agency.

All quotes and sales are released to the customer under Aventure Aviation's Terms & Conditions
which are available at http://www.aventureaviation.net/terms.html

Page 1 of 1

END OF PAGE: 1



START OF PAGE: 2
Here's a structured representation of the content from the Part or Material Certification Form:

PART OR MATERIAL CERTIFICATION FORM                 ATA SPECIFICATION 106

2. Seller's Name: Aventure Int'l Aviation Services   3. Reference #: RLS-51169-RLSL-85989
4. Organization: Aventure Int'l Aviation Services    Phone#: 770-632-7930
   Address:                                         Fax#: 770-632-7931
   108 International Drive SUITE 300                 SITA/Wire Code:
   Peachtree City GA 30269                           Status: Surplus Parts Supplier
   Website: https://aventureaviation.com/

5A. Seller's Contract #: SO-42030                   5B. Buyer's PO #: PO-157754

6. Item | 7. Description | 8. Manufacturer and Part Number | 9. App Code | 10. Qty | 11. Serial/Batch # | 12. Status
1       | ROLLER LINER  | 132500-04                        | TBV         | 2      | N/A               | NEW SURPLUS

13A. Remarks: To the best of our knowledge, the above referenced part(s) have not been subjected to severe stress or heat (as in a major engine failure, accident, incident, or fire) and were not obtained from any U.S. Government or Foreign military source.

Last Operator:
13B. Traceable To:                                  13C. Last Certificated Agency:
14. New Parts/Material Verification:                18. New Surplus, Used, Repaired or Overhaul Parts Verification:

THE FOLLOWING SIGNATURE ATTESTS THAT THE PART(S) OR  THE FOLLOWING SIGNATURE ATTESTS THAT THE DOCUMENTATION
MATERIAL(S) IDENTIFIED ABOVE WAS (WERE) MANUFACTURED SPECIFIED ABOVE OR ATTACHED IS ACCURATE WITH REGARD TO THE
BY A FAA PRODUCTION APPROVAL HOLDER (PAH), OR TO AN  ITEM(S) DESCRIBED.
INDUSTRY COMMERCIAL STANDARD.

15. Signature                                       19. Signature [signature present]

16. Name                     17. Date               20. Name                     21. Date
                                                    Anisha Ellison              19/May/2025

NOTICE: The above signature binds the seller and the signer to the accuracy of the information provided on the form. Should the information provided in this Form contain inaccuracies or misrepresentations, the signer and seller may be liable for damages and be subject to criminal prosecution under state and federal law.

Page 1 of 1                                                                 ATA SPECIFICATION 106

END OF PAGE: 2



START OF PAGE: 3
# LETTER AGREEMENT

THIS LETTER AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into as of this 29th day of
December, 2016 by and among Aventure International Aviation Services, LLC. ("Aventure")
and ExpressJet Airlines, Inc. ("ExpressJet").

## Recitals

WHEREAS, Aventure is currently storing certain inventory owned by ExpressJet.

WHEREAS, pursuant to a Bill of Sale entered into as of the date hereof, Aventure will
purchase from ExpressJet the Purchased Assets (as defined in the Bill of Sale).

WHEREAS, ExpressJet has requested that the inventory set forth on Schedule A
attached hereto be returned to ExpressJet (the "Returned Assets"), and Aventure has agreed to
return the Returned Assets in accordance with the terms hereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, and
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, adequacy and legal sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

## Agreement

1. Upon request by ExpressJet, Aventure hereby agrees to sell to ExpressJet, free and clear
   of any liens, any of the Purchased Assets at a purchase price equal to 40% less than the
   current list price offered by Aventure for such Purchased Asset. Aventure hereby agrees
   that the minimum order for any such purchase is $35.00.

2. Aventure will package and prepare for shipping the Returned Assets, using commercially
   reasonable efforts to protect the Returned Assets from damage, at no additional cost to
   ExpressJet. ExpressJet will arrange for shipping of the Returned Assets.

3. Upon request by ExpressJet, Aventure will store any of the Returned Assets upon the
   same terms and conditions as the current consignment agreement between ExpressJet and
   Aventure.

4. For a period of two years from the date hereof, Aventure may request OEM paperwork
   related to the Purchased Assets, and ExpressJet will use commercially reasonable efforts
   to deliver such paperwork to Aventure.

Remainder of page intentionally blank. Signature page to follow.

END OF PAGE: 3



START OF PAGE: 4
```
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Aventure and ExpressJet have caused their authorized
representatives to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written.

Aventure International Aviation Services, LLC.

By: [signature]
By: ZAWERE FARAGI
Its: PRESIDENT

ExpressJet Airlines, Inc.

By: [signature]
Its: VICE PRESIDENT FLIGHT OPS

2
```

[Small handwritten initials in bottom right corner]

END OF PAGE: 4



START OF PAGE: 5
This Bill of Sale Is made December 29 , 2016,

BETWEEN:

AVENTURE INTERNATIONAL AVIATION SERVICES, LLC., a Georgia
corporation,

("Buyer")

AND:

EXPRESSJET AIRLINES, INC., a Utah corporation,

("Seller")

WHEREAS:

A.    Buyer is currently storing certain inventory, as more fully described on Schedule
      A attached hereto (the "Purchased Assets") that is owned by Seller;

B.    Buyer wishes to purchase from Seller, and Seller wishes to sell, transfer and
      assign to Buyer, all of Sellers right, title and interest in the Purchased Assets;

C.    Concurrently with the execution of this Bill of Sale, Buyer and Seller shall enter
      into that certain Letter Agreement dated as of the date hereof.

THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
both Parties hereby acknowledge, the Parties agree as follows:

1.    For and in consideration of the sum of     , Seller hereby, as of the date of
      this Bill of Sale, conveys, transfers, sells, and sets over to Buyer all of Seller's
      right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets. Upon execution of this
      Bill of Sale, Buyer shall pay by wire transfer in immediately available funds the
      sum of       to:

      Account Name: ExpressJet Airlines
      Account Number:
      Routing Number:
      Bank Name: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
      Bank Address: 420 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94101

2.    Seller represents to Buyer that Seller has good title to the Purchased Assets free
      and clear of all liens, encumbrances and rights of others whatsoever.

3.    The Purchased Assets are provided "as is" and without warranties or conditions

END OF PAGE: 5



START OF PAGE: 6
of any kind, whether oral or written, express or implied. Seller specifically
disclaims any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, satisfactory
quality, and fitness for a particular purpose and any obligation, liability, right,
claim or remedy for loss of or damage to the Purchased Assets, for loss of use,
revenue or profit with respect to the Purchased Assets, or for any other direct,
incidental or consequential damages.

4. The Parties may execute this Bill of Sale in any number of counterparts and such
counterparts, when taken together with the balance of this Bill of Sale, constitute
one original agreement. A signed copy of this Bill of Sale delivered by facsimile,
e-mail, or other means of electronic transmission is deemed to be equivalent to,
and to have the same legal effect as delivery of, an originally signed hard copy of
this Bill of Sale.

The Parties have caused their duly authorized representatives to sign this Bill of Sale as
follows on the date first written above:

AVENTURE                       EXPRESSJET AIRLINES, INC.
INTERNATIONAL AVIATION
SERVICES, LLC.
Per                            Per
: [signature]                  : [signature]
Name: Zaueer Faruqi            Name: Greg Wooley
Title: PRESIDENT               Title: VP- FLIGHT OPS

2

END OF PAGE: 6



START OF PAGE: 7
ExpressJet Airlines, Inc.

MS33737-15C                             43
MS9923-06                               43
NAS1474A4                               43
NAS1601-013                             43
AN565A1032H6                            43
CC670-11503-1                           43
HL18PB5-6                               43
MS29513-016                             43
MS35276-226                             43
NAS6204L14                              43
120-43649-001                           44
132500-04                               44
145-37649-002                           44
145-37650-669                           44
41031073-501                            44
AN824-2D                                44
MS27643-6                               44
NAS1304-12H                             44
NAS561P5-32                             44
PE91501-19                              44
2600-4                                  44
AN530-10R12                             44
AN531-10R16                             44
AN7-13A                                 44
MS29513-138                             44
MS903353-0604                           44
NAS1149CM832R                           44
PFSC35-38A                              44
PLT210-5-7                              44
121-0133                                45
3411022-1                               45
7181108-1                               45
AN3-37                                  45
AN364-1032A                             45
HL87-6                                  45
M45932-1-9CL                            45
MS21919WH12                             45
MS9696-14                               45
NAS1132E5P                              45
PE25001-1910B                           45
AN735D20                                45
MS20364-524                             45
MS35207-243                             45

Schedule A

END OF PAGE: 7



